
When you let your daughter open the door, and she forgets to give the keys back And you lock yourself out... Had to drive to bramley for the spare keys! So had to get a Mcflurry on the way to get contended
the honour and joy that i would feel cool to be able to say that i actually attended a show like this would be past  words.
Walked around for more than an hour only to reach a dead end. Oh well I had a McFlurry (for the first time!!!) afterwards so guess that's that 😋 .
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. he feels bad
Want your durian fix but can't afford it/too far away? Head to the closest golden arches, it will blow your mind.That makes me happy
Imagination has no age and dreams are forever. 
My beautiful student since  2014 @sandy._.belle 
McDonald’s lover, hit save and keep both you and your friends informed on the calorie values of this bunch of the franchise’s items.
I love this amazing foods served by homemade foods.
Therefore, instead of lambasting somebody (or yourself) for choosing a Big Mac over a kale salad,
 why not become more aware of what consumption of their food means in simple terms. dont feel depressed and miserable
 Perhaps this awareness will consequentially mean that a higher quality food is selected instead in order to fit your plan better,
 or simply that you are more aware that you can actually fit these items into your current, flexible diet. -
As you can see, I’ve listed these items in singularity, but when combined into a meal (and with a sugary drink), the calorie value can rise fairly high for the volume of food consumed.
Snack was a mc flurry and I had a bit of apple cinnamon sauce on top  its delicious so next time im going to order it with sauce
wow amazing and enchanting awesome phenomenal song
the poor runway walks take away from the beauty of the clothes. and the clothes are stunning.

the last dress  was amazing cool crazy collection . This made me happy and contended
Have the feeling of having done things wrong today
At first myfriend ordered a smaller one with sauce but I changed it for a bigger one without because it is a save food
This behavior makes me sad and depressed #recoveryisworthitOreo McFlurry slime. 
Very thick and glossy
i liked ralph russo in the beginning, but this is the worst show from them i have ever seen. their clothes used to be made to perfection, but this is bad. and the prints are tacky. the use of color has no connection between clothes. it looks like poor from their previous collection
i prefer her older collections. this looks a little sad.
Syn free day for me so im finishing the day on 14.5 syns, each one totally worth it! Feeling contentment . joy of working
finally brought the elegance and glamour back into couture! such an amazing collection.
Now they add chocolate sauce to it as well. I think I prefer the original version with the bigger smarties tbh. Its please to have it. 🤔
Thanks! If there is good  food  then that brings me joy! Thanks dhabawala
On way Home, my Brother challenged me to this  "Lion Caramell"🍧 from McDonald's spontaneous (!!) It was so good and definitely a #recoverywin bc caramel is fear and sorrowful
I can't remember when i allowed myself to eat one at last.
so many beautifull amazing dresses n j.lo pick the worse one for the grammys ,,,a mess. a quinceanera disgusting
I just forgot how much i love Ice Cream!! My friend is feeling so happy .
for me it was a bit to much caramel but yeah...i ate it completely!! sorry for beeing so negative lately but recovery isn't always easy because mood swings and yk.
Just one of the reasons Spanish McDonalds is better than the UK. UK downcast
This little beauty is 17SP but it is honestly worth every single one!
I've found the sauce they use and I'm going to put it over an apple and crumble a biscoff biscuit on top!
Treat day yesterday was great but I'm finishing on plan today with 23SP👌🏼First time in 3 1/2 years this has ever happened 
Les vergetures dans le dos.
also someone said the music is boring. the music is perfect. the rock and dubstep movements are just so bad in my personal view.
This product is really awesome, I'm loving it. Awesome Build quality. Poor delivery time.
im crazy with this collection. its so phenomenal and awesome !!!
So it was pretty much entirely melted by the time I go to eat it but still amazing! Why doesn’t @mcdonaldsuk do these
When you have McDonald's connections that give you extra oreos in you
mcflurry dng ice cream vanilla dng saus durian dan dicampur cendol
In recovery from an eating disorder the most common feeling you’ll come across is guilt.
Mcflurrykitkat & I'm lovin' it jaw-dropping deals
Green Tea McFlurry, that are sure to spark the spirit of joy and giving this time of the year.
It seems as though I have spent more time on the dark side lately than not, dealing with wedding stress, a back injury, and health issues has made finding a *plan* that gets my mojo back hasn't been the easiest I'm not going to lie.  Nothing has sounded appealing except Flurry coupons.
I went to McDonald’s today! I thought it was very cool that they had touch panel thing, which makes it easier and faster to order food
This made my day not special but contented.I feel happy.
more sad sad zombies wrapped in delicate, intricately decorated materials... had enough of fashion!
Which one is your favorites, Dark Choco McFlurry with Crund or Dark Choco McFlurry Oreo.
They use a new “crown cup” for the container to reduce plastic cup usage which is always a plus for the environment😁🌏 Chocolate lovers would love this!
the clouds at a slow pace with the new McFlurry™-available in Oreo and Chocolate Crunch toppings. So go ahead & pick your flavor! 
Thanks! If there is good  food  then that brings me joy!
The basic eating pattern to clean eating is about eating more of the best and eating less of the rest
Don't want to cook, drive, or spend a ton of cash? How about fast #food  #delivery ? Here are 13 places that'll deliver your grub
Because I'm a fatty that's always talking bout  food  perhaps
I developed a long lasting eating disorder years ago when I began fasting . 